# Classification-Handwritten-on-Medical-Prescription-Using-Convolutional-Neural-Networks

Medicine are chemicals that can represent the body physiologically and psychologically when consumed. Medicine as an auxiliary tool to cure from a wide variety of diseases. With the development of the times and the increase of insight, it has also caused an increase in types of medicinethat have many benefits and uses. In previous studies, medicine names classification has been carried out using the GLCM and Backpropagation methods. The results of the previous study obtained an accuracy value of 70% using the Backpropagation method. This study aims to detect medicine names using Convolutional Neural Network with transfer learning. The transfer learning method is a popular method of classifying digital images. This study will compare five transfer learning artists from CNN. The five architectures used are VGG, Resnet, Xception, Lenet, and GoogleNet. This study will also use Grayscale, Median Filter, and Resize at the preprocessing stage. Preprocessing is used to increase the image value in the medicine name image and remove noise in the image. Resnet is the best model for classifying medicine names. In experiments using Resnet, it got an F1 score of 97.56% and an average training time of 0.25 seconds per epoch. From the accuracy results of each transfer learning architecture model that was tested, Resnet got the highest score of F1. It can be concluded that Resnet is the best model for classifying medicine names and can accurately detect medicine names.

# SOON Because Result Model and Dataset is More Than Size 25MB Maybe Next i Will Give a Link Drive 
